---
layout: post
title:  "London Guide"
date:   2016-01-21
author: Mister Simon
categories: guides
tags:	guide london
featured-image: "/img/20160121_london/cover.jpg"
thumbnail-image: "/img/20160121_london/thumbnail.jpg"
comments: true
author: Mister Simon
author-image: 
author-bio: 
---

Having lived in London since 2010, I have come to visit a lot of places but I can never seem to come up with recommendations when people ask me for things. I thought I would put a guide together to serve as my personal recommendation.  This list is constantly updated.

Last update: 21-Jan-2016

# Food

### Only the best
Here are the restaurants I could go eat any day

* Royal China @ Bayswater - Go here for the Dim Sum
* Goldmine @ Bayswater - Order the Roast Duck
* Roti King @ Euston - Almost everything is good. Get some roti canai and Char Keuy Teow and you will not regert!
* Diwana @ Euston - Dosa is what you want and all you get
* Honest Burger @ Multiple Locations - My favourate burger. 
* Santore @ Exmouth Market - Best pizza I have had in London
* Bone Daddies @ Soho - I get my ramen fix here
* Flat Iron @ Soho - Good steak
 

### The Cheap
If I need to eat on a budget, I go here. They almost belong among the best!

* Wong Kei @ Chinatown - Chinese food. Order Beef brisket with Cripsy noodles, Salt and Chili fried pork.
* Misato @ Chinatown - Japanese food. Order the pork katsu curry

### The Decent
Restaurants that I would go if I am in the neighbourhood

* Franco Manca
* Pizza Pilgrims
* Patty & Bun
* Kanada-ya


### I just got my promotion!

If i have the cash

* Sushi Samba - Great view, food and cocktails
* Zuma - Probably one of the best restaurants I have been to in London
* Lima - Go for there Sunday Brunch menu. 
